A RE-ELECTED PURCHASE MIGHT PULL THE TRIGGER OPPOSE A PARDON.
THE TRIGGER OPPOSE A PARDON. THAT’S OBVIOUSLY MANAFORT’S
THAT’S OBVIOUSLY MANAFORT’S HOPE.
HOPE. >> PETE JOININGSS US AS WELL.
>> PETE JOININGSS US AS WELL. >> AFTER A LONG TONGUE LASHING,
>> AFTER A LONG TONGUE LASHING, THE SENTENCE TURNS OUT TO BE
THE SENTENCE TURNS OUT TO BE PRETTY LIGHT GIVEN HE COULD HAVE
PRETTY LIGHT GIVEN HE COULD HAVE GOTTEN 10 YEARS IN PRISON ON THE
GOTTEN 10 YEARS IN PRISON ON THE TWO COUNTS HE FACED.
TWO COUNTS HE FACED. JUDGE AMY BERMAN JACKSON HAS
JUDGE AMY BERMAN JACKSON HAS SENTENCED HIM TO AN ADDITIONAL 3
SENTENCED HIM TO AN ADDITIONAL 3 1/2 YEARS.
1/2 YEARS. THE ACTUAL SENTENCE IS LONGER
THE ACTUAL SENTENCE IS LONGER THAN THAT, BUT SOME OF IT
THAN THAT, BUT SOME OF IT OVERLAPS WITH WHAT HE WAS
OVERLAPS WITH WHAT HE WAS ALREADY SENTENCED IN VIRGINIA
ALREADY SENTENCED IN VIRGINIA LAST YEAR, WHICH IS JUST SHY OF
LAST YEAR, WHICH IS JUST SHY OF FOUR YEARS.
FOUR YEARS. SO YOU ADD THE 3 1/2 HE GETS
SO YOU ADD THE 3 1/2 HE GETS TODAY TO THE ROUGHLY 4 YEARS HE
TODAY TO THE ROUGHLY 4 YEARS HE GOT LAST MONTH, THAT’S A TOTAL
GOT LAST MONTH, THAT’S A TOTAL OF 7 1/2 YEARS.
OF 7 1/2 YEARS. HE GETS CREDIT FOR THE ROUGHLY 9
HE GETS CREDIT FOR THE ROUGHLY 9 MONTHS THAT HE HAS SERVED IN
MONTHS THAT HE HAS SERVED IN PRISON.
PRISON. SO HE’LL GET OUT OF PRISON WHEN